# Green Hydrogen Water Management
Green hydrogen production is a crucial component of the sustainable energy transition. However, the water demand for electrolysis is often overlooked, in addition to the considerable amount required for process cooling, which is primarily water-based. This study examines the water requirements of a green hydrogen chain deployed as a seasonal energy storage mechanism in a renewable energy system. Accordingly, a comprehensive analysis of the water requirements of green hydrogen production is conducted, considering four primary water sources: seawater, brackish water, surface water, and groundwater. Coarse screen, conventional clarifier, lamella clarifier, dissolved air flotation, media filter, reverse-osmosis desalination, and electro-deionisation are considered for water purification based on the quality and properties of the source water. A detailed treatment system composed of the above processes is considered for each water source separately for electrolysis and cooling quality requirements. Then, the relevant mathematical models are developed for the water treatment system and integrated into the hydrogen production system within the renewable energy system. The size of water purification processes, electrolyser, hydrogen compressor, high-pressure tank, fuel cell, and electrical equipment (wind turbines, photovoltaic panels, battery storage, and diesel generator) are optimally determined to supply electric power demand of a real case study within a whole-year planning horizon. Results of simulations indicate that treating seawater, brackish water, groundwater, and surface water for electrolysis requires, in turn, 7.380, 4.553, 2.365, and 2.294 kWh power per m3 of water with a treatment ratio of 33.5, 36.3, 56.3, and 52.9%, respectively. The study results constitute a solid basis for future research on green hydrogen while considering water-related issues.
